src/content/pages/conference.md, before:

title: NVP Winter Conference


<div class="cogsci-content">

<div class="page-notification">
The abstract-submission deadline has been extended to October 8th. <a href="#abstract-submission">Submit now!</a>
</div>

<img src="/pages/img/banner.png" />

</div>

<h2>Overview</h2>



[TOC]


## About the conference

We are pleased to announce that the __18th NVP Winter Conference on Brain and Cognition__ will be an in-person meeting that will take place in Hotel Zuiderduin, Egmond aan Zee, from __December 16-18, 2021__. This 3-day meeting brings together Dutch and international scientists working on cognition, behaviour and the brain, and features four keynote lectures, member-initiated symposia, parallel oral sessions, poster sessions, the awarding of NVP awards, and a social programme. We follow the governmental Covid-regulations and will require that you provide a [covid-certificate](https://www.government.nl/topics/coronavirus-covid-19/covid-certificate): either a proof of vaccination, a proof of recovery, or a recent negative test. You can use the Dutch __CoronaCheck app__ for this.

This year’s conference is organized by Prof. Peter Hagoort and Carolin Lorenz from the Max Planck Institute, together with the scientific committee, chaired by Dr. Hanneke den Ouden. At the moment, the meeting is planned to be an in-person meeting, although the Society and the organizing committee are keeping a close eye on the COVID-19 situation. 


## Keynote speakers

See <a href="/conference-keynotes">this page</a> for details about the keynotes.

Confirmed keynote speakers are:

- Prof. Sonja Kotz, University of Maastricht ([homepage](https://band-lab.com))
- Prof. Sarah-Jayne Blakemore, University of Cambridge ([homepage](https://sites.google.com/site/blakemorelab/))
- Prof. Christian Büchel, University Medical Center, Hamburg-Eppendorf ([homepage](https://sites.google.com/view/buechellab/christian-b%C3%BCchel))


## Special symposium by the NVP scientific council

See <a href="/conference-symposia">this page</a> for details about the symposia.

- *The usefulness of brain research in research into cognition and behaviour—a debate*


## Symposia

See <a href="/conference-symposia">this page</a> for details about the symposia.

- *How do we learn and predict structure in the world?*
- *How to enhance your memory? Explicit and implicit learning in multimodal environments*
- *Improving the external validity of biological assessments of anxiety—from lab to life*
- *Integrating the "what" and the "how" of language: The role of prosody in speech recognition*
- *Neuromodulation of motivation and effort*
- *Rapid Invisible Frequency Tagging (RIFT): A novel window into cognition and neural dynamics*

## Registration

- Abstract submission and registration portal: <https://www.conftool.net/nvp2021/>

### Early-bird registration

Early bird registration is available until __October 8__. The early bird registration fee is € 375, including single-room accommodation, meals, drinks during the breaks and two years of membership of NVP. (Under)graduate students can obtain a €50 discount, which comes with a shared room. This registration is compulsory for abstract submission. In the unlikely case that we will have to cancel the meeting due to governmental restrictions, you will receive a full refund.

### Late registration

If you register after October 1st, you will pay a late fee of €465, including single-room accommodation, meals, drinks during the breaks and two years of membership of NVP. (Under)graduate students can obtain a €50 discount, which comes with a shared room. We plan to close registration on December 10th. However, the capacity of the hotel is limited, so we may close registration earlier. In the unlikely case that we will have to cancel the meeting due to governmental restrictions, you will receive a full refund.


## Abstract submission

- Abstract submission and registration portal: <https://www.conftool.net/nvp2021/>

Abstracts can be submitted for the parallel oral sessions and the poster sessions. The __deadline__ for abstract submission is __October 8th, 2021__. Abstracts are limited to 200 words. Abstracts will be evaluated by the scientific committee and can be considered either for a talk/poster or for a poster only. You need to be registered to submit an abstract.



## NVP PhD Thesis Award

At the conference, the Society awards a prize for the PhD thesis conducted in the Netherlands that made the most outstanding contribution to scientific knowledge in the field of Brain and Cognition. Eligible candidates have obtained a PhD degree from any Dutch university/institute in the roughly two-year time span between the deadlines of the previous and current thesis awards. Candidates can self-nominate or be nominated by their (co)promotor. The submitted PhD thesis should be original work in the field of Brain and Cognition and related fields, i.e. work in those fields that would typically be suitable for submission for poster and/or oral presentations at the NVP conference. __Deadline for submission: 31 July 2021__. Nominations can be submitted via email (<TAC@societyforbrainandcognition.nl>).

For more information and eligibility criteria, see <a href="/dissertation-award">this page</a>.


## NVP Early Career Award

At the Winter Conference, the Society will award the Early Career Award to an early career researcher working at a Dutch research institution for their outstanding contributions to scientific knowledge in the field of brain and cognition. The purpose is to increase the visibility of our field and support excellent early-career scientists. The winner will receive an Award certificate, €500 prize money and the opportunity to present her/his work in the NVP Winter Conference. Deadline for submission: 1 October 2021. Nominations can be submitted via email (<ECA@societyforbrainandcognition.nl>).

For more information and eligibility criteria, <a href="/early-career-award">this page</a>.

## NVP Master Student Awards

For the conference, 8 volunteer positions are open for MSc/MA students who would like to attend the conference and present a poster, but do not have funding to do so. The Master Student Award winners will receive a full fee waiver, in return for assistance at the conference with logistical needs. Candidates should currently be enrolled in a master program at a Dutch University.

The application should consist of:

  - Poster abstract (max 200 words, excl. title)
  - Motivation letter specifying why the candidate would like to attend the conference and how attending the conference would be beneficial to their career (max 300 words)
  - 1 page CV 

We explicitly encourage students of underrepresented groups to apply.

Note: Eligible students who would like to volunteer, but have already registered for the conference are also invited to apply. If their application is selected for the award, their registration fee will be reimbursed.

The documents should be sent as a single PDF file via email (<sc@societyforbrainandcognition.nl>) __before November 1st, 23.59 CET__. Master Student Award winners will be notified by November 15.

## Organizing Committee 18th NVP Brain and Cognition Winter Conference

- Prof. Peter Hagoort (Chair; Max Planck Institute Nijmegen)
- Prof. Jeroen Smeets (Treasurer; Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam)
- Carolin Lorenz (Max Planck Institute Nijmegen)


## Scientific Committee 18th NVP Brain and Cognition Winter Conference

- Dr. Hanneke den Ouden (Chair; Radboud University Nijmegen)
- Dr. Henk van Steenbergen (Chair elect; Leiden University)
- Dr. David Terburg (Utrecht University)
- Dr. Oliver Lindemann (Erasmus University Rotterdam)
- Dr. Marieke van Vugt (Rijksuniversiteit Groningen)
- Dr. Timo Stein (University of Amsterdam)
- Dr. Vincent van de Ven (Maastricht University)
- Dr. Judith Holler (Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics)
- Dr. Tomas Knapen (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam)
- Dr. Anna van Duivenvoorde (Leiden University)
- Dr. Tessa van Leeuwen (Tilburg University)


## Programs of previous editions

Relive the past by browsing through the programs of previous years!

- [2019](/conference2019)
- [2017](/pages/attachments/nvp2017.pdf)
- [2015](/pages/attachments/nvp2015.pdf)
- [2013](/pages/attachments/nvp2013.pdf)

Commit message:

Announce that conference has been postponed

src/content/pages/conference.md, after:

title: NVP Winter Conference


<div class="cogsci-content">

<div class="page-notification">
Due to Corona restrictions, the conference has been postponed to April 28 - 30, 2022. The scientific program will remain the same. Further details (e.g., on the possibility of a refund) will be communicated later.
</div>

<img src="/pages/img/banner.png" />

</div>

<h2>Overview</h2>



[TOC]


## About the conference

We are pleased to announce that the __18th NVP Winter Conference on Brain and Cognition__ will be an in-person meeting that will take place in Hotel Zuiderduin, Egmond aan Zee, from __April 28-30, 2022__. This 3-day meeting brings together Dutch and international scientists working on cognition, behaviour and the brain, and features four keynote lectures, member-initiated symposia, parallel oral sessions, poster sessions, the awarding of NVP awards, and a social programme. We follow the governmental Covid-regulations and will require that you provide a [covid-certificate](https://www.government.nl/topics/coronavirus-covid-19/covid-certificate): either a proof of vaccination, a proof of recovery, or a recent negative test. You can use the Dutch __CoronaCheck app__ for this.

This year’s conference is organized by Prof. Peter Hagoort and Carolin Lorenz from the Max Planck Institute, together with the scientific committee, chaired by Dr. Hanneke den Ouden. At the moment, the meeting is planned to be an in-person meeting, although the Society and the organizing committee are keeping a close eye on the COVID-19 situation. 


## Program

The preliminary program is available here:

- <https://www.conftool.net/nvp2021/sessions.php>


## Keynote speakers

See <a href="/conference-keynotes">this page</a> for details about the keynotes.

Confirmed keynote speakers are:

- Prof. Sonja Kotz, University of Maastricht ([homepage](https://band-lab.com))
- Prof. Sarah-Jayne Blakemore, University of Cambridge ([homepage](https://sites.google.com/site/blakemorelab/))
- Prof. Christian Büchel, University Medical Center, Hamburg-Eppendorf ([homepage](https://sites.google.com/view/buechellab/christian-b%C3%BCchel))


## Special symposium by the NVP scientific council

See <a href="/conference-symposia">this page</a> for details about the symposia.

- *The usefulness of brain research in research into cognition and behaviour—a debate*


## Symposia

See <a href="/conference-symposia">this page</a> for details about the symposia.

- *How do we learn and predict structure in the world?*
- *How to enhance your memory? Explicit and implicit learning in multimodal environments*
- *Improving the external validity of biological assessments of anxiety—from lab to life*
- *Integrating the "what" and the "how" of language: The role of prosody in speech recognition*
- *Neuromodulation of motivation and effort*
- *Rapid Invisible Frequency Tagging (RIFT): A novel window into cognition and neural dynamics*

## Registration

- Abstract submission and registration portal: <https://www.conftool.net/nvp2021/>

### Early-bird registration

Early bird registration is available until __October 8__. The early bird registration fee is € 375, including single-room accommodation, meals, drinks during the breaks and two years of membership of NVP. (Under)graduate students can obtain a €50 discount, which comes with a shared room. This registration is compulsory for abstract submission. In the unlikely case that we will have to cancel the meeting due to governmental restrictions, you will receive a full refund.

### Late registration

If you register after October 1st, you will pay a late fee of €465, including single-room accommodation, meals, drinks during the breaks and two years of membership of NVP. (Under)graduate students can obtain a €50 discount, which comes with a shared room. We plan to close registration on December 10th. However, the capacity of the hotel is limited, so we may close registration earlier. In the unlikely case that we will have to cancel the meeting due to governmental restrictions, you will receive a full refund.


## Abstract submission

- Abstract submission and registration portal: <https://www.conftool.net/nvp2021/>

Abstracts can be submitted for the parallel oral sessions and the poster sessions. The __deadline__ for abstract submission is __October 8th, 2021__. Abstracts are limited to 200 words. Abstracts will be evaluated by the scientific committee and can be considered either for a talk/poster or for a poster only. You need to be registered to submit an abstract.



## NVP PhD Thesis Award

At the conference, the Society awards a prize for the PhD thesis conducted in the Netherlands that made the most outstanding contribution to scientific knowledge in the field of Brain and Cognition. Eligible candidates have obtained a PhD degree from any Dutch university/institute in the roughly two-year time span between the deadlines of the previous and current thesis awards. Candidates can self-nominate or be nominated by their (co)promotor. The submitted PhD thesis should be original work in the field of Brain and Cognition and related fields, i.e. work in those fields that would typically be suitable for submission for poster and/or oral presentations at the NVP conference. __Deadline for submission: 31 July 2021__. Nominations can be submitted via email (<TAC@societyforbrainandcognition.nl>).

For more information and eligibility criteria, see <a href="/dissertation-award">this page</a>.


## NVP Early Career Award

At the Winter Conference, the Society will award the Early Career Award to an early career researcher working at a Dutch research institution for their outstanding contributions to scientific knowledge in the field of brain and cognition. The purpose is to increase the visibility of our field and support excellent early-career scientists. The winner will receive an Award certificate, €500 prize money and the opportunity to present her/his work in the NVP Winter Conference. Deadline for submission: 1 October 2021. Nominations can be submitted via email (<ECA@societyforbrainandcognition.nl>).

For more information and eligibility criteria, <a href="/early-career-award">this page</a>.

## NVP Master Student Awards

For the conference, 8 volunteer positions are open for MSc/MA students who would like to attend the conference and present a poster, but do not have funding to do so. The Master Student Award winners will receive a full fee waiver, in return for assistance at the conference with logistical needs. Candidates should currently be enrolled in a master program at a Dutch University.

The application should consist of:

  - Poster abstract (max 200 words, excl. title)
  - Motivation letter specifying why the candidate would like to attend the conference and how attending the conference would be beneficial to their career (max 300 words)
  - 1 page CV 

We explicitly encourage students of underrepresented groups to apply.

Note: Eligible students who would like to volunteer, but have already registered for the conference are also invited to apply. If their application is selected for the award, their registration fee will be reimbursed.

The documents should be sent as a single PDF file via email (<sc@societyforbrainandcognition.nl>) __before November 1st, 23.59 CET__. Master Student Award winners will be notified by November 15.

## Organizing Committee 18th NVP Brain and Cognition Winter Conference

- Prof. Peter Hagoort (Chair; Max Planck Institute Nijmegen)
- Prof. Jeroen Smeets (Treasurer; Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam)
- Tildie Stijns (Donders Institute, Nijmegen)


## Scientific Committee 18th NVP Brain and Cognition Winter Conference

- Dr. Hanneke den Ouden (Chair; Radboud University Nijmegen)
- Dr. Henk van Steenbergen (Chair elect; Leiden University)
- Dr. David Terburg (Utrecht University)
- Dr. Oliver Lindemann (Erasmus University Rotterdam)
- Dr. Marieke van Vugt (Rijksuniversiteit Groningen)
- Dr. Timo Stein (University of Amsterdam)
- Dr. Vincent van de Ven (Maastricht University)
- Dr. Judith Holler (Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics)
- Dr. Tomas Knapen (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam)
- Dr. Anna van Duivenvoorde (Leiden University)
- Dr. Tessa van Leeuwen (Tilburg University)


## Programs of previous editions

Relive the past by browsing through the programs of previous years!

- [2019](/conference2019)
- [2017](/pages/attachments/nvp2017.pdf)
- [2015](/pages/attachments/nvp2015.pdf)
- [2013](/pages/attachments/nvp2013.pdf)
